polyuria:
Polyuria is a condition where the body urinates more than usual and passes excessive or abnormally large amounts of urine each time you urinate. 
Polyuria is defined as the frequent passage of large volumes of urine – more than 3 litres a day compared to the normal daily urine output in adults of about 1 to 2 litres.


polydipsia
The most obvious symptom of polydipsia is a feeling of extreme thirstiness. 
This symptom is especially noticeable when you feel this way even after you’ve already drunk a lot of water.

Common symptoms of polydipsia include:
passing abnormally high amounts of urine (more than 5 liters a day)
a persistent feeling of dryness in your mouth
feeling abnormally hungry
having blurry vision
exhaustion
abnormal weight loss
getting frequent sores or infections
slow healing of sores or infections

Polyphagia
Polyphagia, also known as hyperphagia, is the medical term for excessive or extreme hunger.
It’s different than having an increased appetite after exercise or other physical activity. 
While your hunger level will return to normal after eating in those cases, polyphagia won’t go away if you eat more food.

Irritability
Irritability is a feeling of agitation. Although, some describe “agitation” as a more severe form of irritability.
Regardless of the term you use, when you’re irritable, you’re likely to become frustrated or upset easily. 
You might experience it in response to stressful situations. It may also be a symptom of a mental or physical health condition.

delayed healing
Delayed wound healing is when it takes longer for a wound to heal than normal.

partial paresis
Paresis involves the weakening of a muscle or group of muscles. It may also be referred to as partial or mild paralysis. 
Unlike paralysis, people with paresis can still move their muscles. These movements are just weaker than normal.

muscle stiffness
Muscle stiffness is when your muscles feel tight and you find it more difficult to move than you usually do, especially after rest. 
You may also have muscle pains, cramping, and discomfort. This is different from muscle rigidity and spasticity.

*Alopecia
Alopecia areata is a condition that causes hair to fall out in small patches, which can be unnoticeable. 
These patches may connect, however, and then become noticeable. The condition develops when the immune system attacks the hair follicles, resulting in hair loss.
*

Obesity
Obesity is a complex disease involving an excessive amount of body fat.